We're incredibly happy that you're gonna share our big day with us!

To organize everything as good as possible so that there will be enough of everything for everyone, and not to waste too much food or drinks, we kindly ask you to answer few questions.

Meanwhile, you will get to know more details about the wedding!

Okay, let's do it!

If you came here second time just for the short and practical info, it is here: https://azarakovskiy.github.io/etc/wedding_info_en.pdf

---

The wedding will be not far away from Riga in a place called Mežbrenči.
It's here: https://goo.gl/maps/GWPdN1dDhNz

It will begin on Saturday, 24th August 2019 at five, and since most of guests will be without a car (which is AWESOME 🥂🥂), we will organize a bus transfer for you. 🚌
It will depart at 16:00 from a city center; the exact place we'll tell you later. Please be on time!

We expect and hope that everyone stays on Sunday too, because there is plenty of space for relaxing, having fun, chatting, swimming, volleyball, BBQ, sauna (!!!), etc. A transfer back to Riga will be between 17:00 and 18:00, and will take around 45 minutes. 🚌

Please, let us know that you're coming before 1st of June.

At the wedding day (and few days before), our witnesses will be available for any questions (mwahaha!):
+31 634 94 65 73 Dinara
+371 28 732 979 Lena

Ok, let's dive into the details!

---

The wedding place is 30 km away from Riga.

We will organize a bus both ways. On Saturday 24th August it will depart at 16:00 from somewhere not far from Old Riga. Please be on time!

---

The celebration will take two days because we're marrying just once, aren't we? :)

Saturday is a festive party with a ceremony. 🤵💃

Sunday is for chillaxing: chatting, swimming, sunbathing, sauna, volleyball, etc. All in picturesque nature.

Therefore there is plenty of space for everyone to comfortably stay overnight from Sat to Sun.
Having in our disposal dormitories for 4-8 people, we will make sure that everyone has a pleasant stay, and recharge the batteries for the after-party ;)

All bedsheets, pillows, etc will be there (so no sleeping bags are needed :))

Great breakfast is included, of course.

---

There is no dress-code, dress as you feel :) (Disappointed? Read further!)

Saturday will be festive!
Wedding has a "Travelling" theme (what a surprise! :D)
So any colour theme would fit. As it will be active-nature-summer wedding, and if you want to match with the colour scheme, choose turquoise, blue, yellow, rose, beige: all warm and gentle tones, might also be with bright accents.

Gentlemen, how about wearing colourful socks? Let's do it Dutch way ;)

Sunday: after-party!
Don't forget to bring some comfy light clothes and shoes for nature, swimming suit, sun hat and sunglasses, but also something warm (you can never predict Latvian weather).

---

Usually, there is plenty of food at Russian wedding. We're not an exception. :)

We all are unique and have unique food preferences. Let us know about them.

---

Cheers, za zdoróvʹje, proost... you got it ;)

---

We all are up to a different drink depending on a mood, but we will be drink-shopping beforehand.

Your alcohol preferences do not oblige you to anything: there will be plenty of everything. However, your answer below will help us make sure that there is enough of drinks at our wedding.

---

If you are going/flying/driving to our wedding with your loved one, probably all your answers are also true for you mate/buddy. :)

So in order to not waste your precious time in filling in this questionnaire again, if the answers are the same, please let us know how many people are your "answers' twins". :P

If the answers differ, especially regarding food and drink preferences, please fill in this fun questionnaire separately.

---

It is rather easy to get to Riga. Riga is not expensive. Usually the earlier you buy tickets, the cheaper they are. Same goes about the hotels.

Latvian flag carrier is airBaltic https://www.airbaltic.com/

Many other airlines have regular flights to Riga. The best deal you can always check on http://skyscanner.com

Netherlands: Wizzair offers cheap flights from Eindhoven (flights are three times per week).

Lithuanian Vilnius and Estonian Tallin are some few hours drive from Riga, if you feel like combining trip to the wedding with travelling Baltic countries.

Riga itself is very beautiful with Medieval German style Old town (Vecriga) and Jugend style (Art Nouveau) streets, with the famous resort Jurmala with its long white beaches and sometimes warm water is just 30 mins away from it.

Riga is a rather small and compact city, but if you would like to use taxi, the best is Taxify (same as UBER which isn't operating in Latvia):
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ee.mtakso.client
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/taxify/id675033630
Expect prices as low as 2-3 euro for a ride, or 10-12 to get to the airport.
This promo code will give you a discount (and us) for your first drive with Taxify: CWBT6K
Public transport exists too.

We don't know much about hotels in Riga as we never needed a hotel...
But Booking.com knows'em all! https://www.booking.com
Аnd here you can find hostels https://www.hostelworld.com

If you can, if would be more convenient to stay in or close to the Old Town (Vecriga) or in the quiet center (around Brivibas, Barona, Strelnieku street). In this case you will be walking distance form the main sights and the meeting place for a transfer. In any case, there is Taxify. :D

Please don't forget that a night from Saturday to Sunday you have a comfortable accommodation at Mežbrenči (wedding place)

If you are wondering where to eat and try local cuisine, one best answer is LIDO https://www.google.com/maps/search/lido/@56.9486125,24.1082118,14z/data=!3m1!4b1
Tasty local food for good prices (be careful, big portions :-O)

We will be happy to assist you with any questions about how to get to Riga, what to see, for how many days, where to stay, etc.

How to communicate in Latvia (applies also for Lithuania and Estonia): younger people and people in service mainly speak decent English (or you can always use Google Translate to Russian or Latvian).

---

Yahooo, we cannot wait to see you! (yes, already ;))

Feel free to ask any questions. We will be happy to answer them all.

How to find us without coming to Amsterdam, while you are very welcome to do so ;)

Alex
+31 647 214927 (WhatsApp too)
https://www.facebook.com/akkuch

Inna
+31 651 472948 (WhatsApp too)
https://www.facebook.com/inna.iljina.9

On the wedding day (24th August) for any questions you can call our witnesses:
+31 634 94 65 73 Dinara
+371 28 732 979 Lena

We are all available in various messengers.

Ans here you can always find all the most important details about the wedding:
https://azarakovskiy.github.io/etc/wedding_info_en.pdf
